in this video you will learn how to
enter the rome mobility cellular data or
APM settings on your Apple iPhone first
access your settings choose cellular
select cellular data network and under
the cellular data section change the APN
to the word wholesale keeping the
username and password fields blank once
you are on the Roma bility network you
can also enter the MMS settings here
under the MMS section on the same
settings screen enter the word wholesale
in the APN field and in the MMS C field
enter HTTP colon slash slash wholesale
dot MMS MVNO dot-com slash MMS / w AP e
NC once again leaving the username and
password blank save your settings by
going back to the last menu and restart
your phone now you are ready to enjoy
cellular data in the United States or
Mexico and remember if you're already in
the USA or Mexico and need help you can
text the word APN to seven eight five
zero at any time to receive data setup
instructions right on your phone
thank you for choosing wrong mobility